here we are back at Halifax back home
for the summer tell us a little bit what
your summers been like so far it's been
a lot longer than than usual
especially longer than last year so I
made sure I took a little bit extra time
and rested my mind and body and you know
it took time to relax after getting home
I get back into training and I skated
for the first time two days ago so I'm
sorry right now but it's nice to be back
on the ice what was last season Spurs if
you're evaluating last year for Brad
Marshall evaluate it was already too you
know there's ups and downs just like
every year and and you know this party
game you want to continue to work on and
that's just another year that's gone by
where I feel like I matured and I just
want to continue to grow as a player
organization obviously after having won
some disappointed from the team
performance yeah we you know we were
hoping to obviously repeat that's a goal
every year going into seasons winning
the köppen but you know there's things
have happened that you have to overcome
and we had a few injuries and and it was
a long year for it and we're getting
tired so now it's time to take that and
learn from it and try to use that for
next year we're constantly involved
become a better player here we are a
year later
tell me little red Marshalls development
I think you know the biggest thing is
you want to mature and then and you know
learn every aspect of the game and learn
how to control your mind mentally and
overcome different different things and
I think each day you watch the older
guys and then you can learn from them
that's what I'm continually doing is
watching guys like Bergy and Chara and
you know guys like that and watching how
they carry themselves on and off the ice
and that's how you learn to become
professionals by watching guys like that
those have been obviously important role
models for you yeah especially you know
Bergy Bergeron he I've been playing with
in the last couple years and the way he
works on and off the ice and carries
himself as a person and you know the
will he has to win he's kind of guy you
want to be and those are kind of guys
you need on your team to win
championships you know for was there ham
we won a wind-up one last year that's
why he's such a great mentor yeah I'll
get a grant gotta follow your training
partners a longtime teammate Andrew
water chuckling longer in the Bruins
organization your reaction to the news
now they signed on with the Kings yeah
it's a you know it's a different chapter
in his career and excited farm it's a
great opportunity he he's gonna go there
work hard and and you know I'm expecting
him to be there he's he's got the wall
he's got the work ethic and and in the
skill so you know if we play against
each other it'll it'll definitely fun
and I'm looking forward to it I guess
there was the possibility the season may
not get underway when it's scheduled to
tell us of your process
I'm just hoping that you know they'll
come to an agreement it is obviously a
lot of time for you know before training
camp opens and and I'm just hoping that
they can get it done we you know we all
want to play and the fans want to see
the game so hopefully we'll come to an
agreement Thanks
well thank you